Fixed bug where the versioning info of schemas was lost (#183)
Concordium/concordium-node-sdk-js: packages/common/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

### Breaking changes

> - Fixed bug in `getModuleSchema`. It now returns a schema with version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added missing version return type in `getModuleSchema`. It now returns an object containing the schema source and version.
```

Reviewer: Making it more clear. :thinking:
